[DataGridPro] Add doc example for tree data children lazy loading (#3657)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/group-pivot/group-pivot.md

> const invalidRows = [{ path: ['A'] }, { path: ['B'] }, { path: ['A', 'A'] }];
> ```

### Children lazy-loading

> ⚠️ This feature isn't implemented yet. It's coming.
>
> 👍 Upvote [issue #3377](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues/3377) if you want to see it land faster.

> A temporary version can be built outside the grid as shown bellow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can achieve a similar behavior by implementing this feature outside the component as shown bellow.
```
